Update EIP Content based router page (#714)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-routing/content-based-router.md

> | Content-Based Router EIP (Figure 1) | Content-Based Router Sample Scenario (Figure 2)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: Let's remove Figure 1, Figure 2 from the table.

| Widget and Gadget Inventory         | foo Inventory Service and bar Inventory service act as two separate services in the sample scenario.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| Router                              | Message routing is simulated by the Switch and Send mediators of the WSO2 MI. The Switch Mediator acts as the router and observes the content of the message, while the Send Mediator is used to send the message to a selected recipient. Each case defined should decide on routing the message to the appropriate service. |
| New Order                           | Stock Quote Request                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
## Synapse configuration of the artifacts

!!! note

>     When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 9 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to WSO2 MI Documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you unzip the ZIP file you downloaded below in step 9 when simulating the sample scenario, you can find the below configurations in the `<UNZIPPED_FILE>/src/main/wso2mi/artifacts` directory. For more information about these artifacts, go to [Develop Integration Solutions](https://mi.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/develop/intro-integration-development/).
```
